(gentle music)
- [Instructor] Let us complete our code challenge together.
The challenges you recall is to add a service activator
to the message flow,
so that our status monitoring channel will automatically
cause a customer account credit to be applied.
This way the account credit functionality can be achieved
as a by-product of the existing message flow
without a manual invocation of the service
inside our business logic.
In order to achieve this,
what we need to do is add service activation configuration
to our status monitor message flow.
And that will look like this.
Leveraging the integration namespace,
we want a service activator element.
Our input channel shall be our status monitor channel.
When something comes through this channel,
we're trying to activate.
The bean that we activate here that we're referencing
is identified in line 33 as account credit service.
And the method that we want to call inside that bean
is named credit customer account.
That is all that we need to do
in order to configure our service activator.
Let us see if our tests run at this point.
And our JUnit test is successful,
so we have successfully
completed the challenge, congratulations.